\index.html This page is the landing page. It will detect from browser storage if the operator has a saved session or not. If there is a save session log the user into bunker.html forcing an authentication on the client side.
\forge.html This page will assist the new operator in 'forging' a new identity. It will creat a new kaspa wallet with 24 word passphrase.
\import.html This page will assist an operator to access there identity by entering a 24 word passphrase
\resume.html This page will assist an operator who has their identity stored in their browser cache to reauthenticate and enter the bunker
\initialize.html This page will allow an operator to send there first CPW transaction to their wallet and generate their initial 1000 $PUNKW
\bunker.html This page will support the primary game play loop. Has the operators meta information and log of recent activities. In the bunker the operator can Phish to general more $PUNKW without navigating to another screen. Clicking the Phish button expends one cycle and generates a random amount of $PUNKW based on a formula which includes the number of sectors they have and the highest level hack they have researched.
\leaderboard.html This page will list (wallets) operators with a CPW memo transaction, ranking them by various facets of the game metrics. Sectors, PUNKW, Total Unit Strength
\attack.html This page supports the operator in initializing an attack on another operator
\research.html This page supports the operator in investing cycles into discovery new hacks
\hack.html This page supports casting hacks previously researched. The most important of which is armageddon which if successfully cast resets the season.
\documentation Directory which contains all the html files which explain the game but are not pertinent to actually executing gameplay.
\documentation\gameplay.html help page that explains the game. It defines terms such as Cycles, Hacks, Sectors, $PUNKW. It explains the overall seasonal meta (seasons end when the armageddon ddos is initiated by an operator and has run to completion without interuption). Etc..
\documentation\architecture.html help page that explains how the game is constructed as an html web site, integrated with Kaspa using Kaspa-WASM. How the data is stored in the DAG. How the game logic is verified decentralized. 
\documentation\whitepaper.html help page explaining the Kaspathon genesis, the nod to Archmage, and how rebuilding Archmage as a decentralized project became a fascinating way to showcase the ideas for vprogs.
